Today, some American politicians have become
more and more manic
in their anti-science and anti-rationality
They have repeatedly ignored the epidemic warnings
from various sources
and have no fear to ban and suppress scientists.
Sharp comments emphasize that
in the United States today,
political calculation and extreme self-interest,
as well as the trampling and distortion of science and human nature,
have reached the pinnacle.
The dazzling variety of evil acts and tricks of American politicians
have created an increasingly disorderly spider web
for themselves and the American people,
and the epidemic prevention and control of the United States
has fallen into this inextricable spiral hole.
It can be imagined that
if these American politicians put their energy into fighting the epidemic
instead of such nonsense,
so many American lives would be saved!
In the face of the disappearance of
more and more American people's lives,
American politicians who are blinded by profits,
hurry to get out of your own silk hole!